Typo-fixes and a couple definition suggestions (#165)
bhoffman0/CSAwesome: _sources/Unit-Sqrt2-Methods/topic-sqrt2-1-using-methods.rst

You may be able to guess what ``abs`` and ``pow`` do, if you can decipher the
abbreviations. ``Math.abs`` takes a single argument, either a ``double`` or an
``int`` and returns a value of the same type which is the absolute value of the

> argument. The absolute value of a number is its positive value without its sign or its distance from 0. So:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
argument. The absolute value of a number is its positive value without its sign. You can also think of it as the  distance the number is from 0. So:
```

When we need to be precise about this we’d say that it returns a number between
0, *inclusive*, and 1, *exclusive*, meaning *include* 0 but *exclude* 1. Lots of
ranges in Java are expressed this way, as you’ll see later on with an inclusive

> bottom and exclusive top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bottom and an exclusive top.
```
